alright hey guys welcome to another
Slayer guide um Skye with me doing some
a bissell demon slain on what you're
going to need requirements are at 85
Slayer um you're going to want to at
least you want to be able to it and curl
those dungeon there's really no other
better place than curl those dungeon um
just because of the because of the
ferocious rang and it gives a plus
forehead bonus and just for them a lack
of campers so right now you normally get
about 200 172 around 210 assigned to you
and only that takes about 45 minutes to
an hour depend on how you're doing it if
you're praying and using extremes like I
am it's going to take you about 30
minutes for about 190 I got it's on 210
I've been here about 15 minutes as you
can see you can really count and kill
them really fast um if you want to use
you want to try to use your best
something familiar um either a pact yak
a unicorn or a Bunyip right now my
highest i can use is a Bunyip arm so
that's why when you see a unicorn works
perfect and pack a quark sivan better
what you're going to want to do you're
going to want to bring if you use in
turmoil or you can want to bring about
15 prey pots and that's about it if
you're using them PID even working about
20 and if you have a pack yet you can
use bring about 10 or 15 in your
inventory and then throw your pack x
about 10 and that's should last you
pretty much the entire trip um and the
notes the drop what you want to pick up
you wanna pick up this pure essence you
pick up blood rooms they drop a lot of
rune items is like ruin med Helms rune
chain bodies and also the infamous or
whip um pistol whip you can want to pick
that up and they also drop a lot of
crimson gold I don't pick up gold just
because they're not worth it for the XP
and time you spend in to it but I mean
if people pick up some people pick up
golds and that's perfectly fine and you
can you can get Gold's it's have
anything against picking up gold um but
if you use an extremes you want to repot
about 116 just to get like your max hit
enabled arm
going to use your claws you're going to
want to call use not going to use two
specs on one since it will kill it you
don't really want to do that so we're
going to do you want to spec one and
then just take off your claws and then
just kill a normal and then respek
another like that because you really
don't need to double spec because it's
just an overkill and sometimes you will
you'll want hit them with your calls
like go call and I'll just totally kill
them and this task is really easy one
you're going to have Auto retaliate on
because they do teleport you around um
squares around you so keep that in mind
this is the only job for us or shrinks
here so if you guys are like who froze
stranding you only get it from here um
if you want to pick up the gyms like
sapphires the do job they do have the
universal drop table um I find that they
drop Dragon stones for me a lot rare
like the job like all those items a lot
rarer than they drop whips and around
every hundred one hundred um 400 to 500
kills is about a web so but one to 450
you get a whip so normally i got a whip
every other tasks get the very least
every three tasks so I mean and there's
a chance you can get like five lips and
one task it's it's just totally random
um but the XP an hour for these is about
30k 35k if you have turmoil and i have
max gear but if using turmoil and
overloads you can probably get about 40k
XP here an hour and also with the new
earn update you can bring um infernal
earns to pick up the infernal ashes I
don't do that because I don't really see
the need in it but if you want to do
that you can pick up you can get XP um
for about one test is about 15k prior XP
so it's about 15 k perera XP per hour to
15 or 20 kpa XP per hour so this is my
pistol demon guide um look out for more
slang guides and
yeah thanks for watching